What is the main reason that you should do a mini-audit of a site prior to working with a client?|It helps you identify ways to provide immediate value and set the timeline for the project.
In your initial conversation with clients, why is it a good idea to share a few quick wins and opportunities? (Select all that apply.)|Quick wins provide a means to show immediate value to your services.$Identifying opportunities helps to identify ways that your expertise is needed.
Which of the following IS NOT a SMART goal?|Generate more site traffic within three months.
Which of the following is an unrealistic client expectation that should be reframed early in your relationship?|Within eight months, attain a number one rank for their top keyword.
Imagine that one of your client's primary goals is to increase the amount of traffic to their site. The chart below compares this year's data (in blue) to last year's data (in red). Is this year's dip (in blue) after June an indicator that you are likely to have trouble meeting the client's goal?|Probably not. The traffic is still significantly higher than where it was at the same time last year. There is some reason to think that this is a seasonal dip.
What are some quick wins you should try when working with a new client? (Select all that apply.)|Add more text to the homepage and other important pages.$Have the client install Google Webmaster Tools & Google Analytics on their computer.$Ensure their is a robots.txt file uploaded and appropriate areas are blocked.
When looking at traffic for a site, which of these should you most be concerned about:|Organic Visits
Suppose you are working in-house, scoping an SEO project, which of the following should you be able to do? (Select all that apply.)|Estimate a project's length$Estimate ability to meet various deadlines$Prioritize work needed
Suppose you are in your initial meeting with a new client; which of the following are questions you should ask? (Select all that apply.)|Have you previously used other domain names?$Has your company previously worked with an SEO firm?$(If they have worked with an SEO firm previously) ask, "What did you like and dislike?"$What keywords are you currently tracking?
Suppose you have separated keywords into thematic groups associated with specified areas of a site. You notice one group is performing poorly for keyword rankings; what should this prompt you to do?|Go into the area of the site associated with that keyword group to see how that area can be improved.
