Which of the following best describes how social media impacts SEO?|Social media can increase your brand and reputation online which indirectly impacts SEO as over time it will lead to more links to your site.
Is social media a Google ranking factor?|Yes, indirectly
Which of the following tactics can help connect social media with SEO strategy?|Sharing high-quality content on social media
You've found that your target audience primarily uses X (formerly Twitter). Which marketing tactic is most likely to help meet your goal of increasing brand awareness?|Running a hashtag campaign
Which of the following tactics will best help you understand where your target audience hangs out on social media?|Checking the demographics of different social media platforms
Which of the following factors should be considered when deciding which marketing tactics to use for your business goals on social media? (Select all that apply.)|The type of content your target audience engages with$The time your target audience is most active$The demographics of your target audience
What is a good approach to creating content that engages your target audience on social media?|Use analytics to understand what content resonates with your audience and adapt accordingly
Which of the following are effective methods to engage your target audience on social media? (Select all that apply.)|Use a variety of content formats (e.g., videos, infographics, articles)$Engage in conversations with followers
Which of the following best describes a strategy to build an audience with social media?|Create and share valuable, relevant content consistently across multiple social media platforms
How does social sharing of your content by other people help you with SEO?|When people share your content on a social site you get exposed to their audience.
In a case study, a brand increased its reputation by constructively responding to negative reviews publicly and promptly. What SEO benefit does this strategy provide?|It shows users that the brand is trustworthy and credible
You posted a blog article on your website and shared it on your social media channels. The post got a lot of engagement. What impact does this likely have on your SEO?|Positive impact, as the engagement can lead to increasing your reputation online and potentially result in links to your site
Which of the following best describes the role of social media marketing in SEO optimization?|To increase the visibility of your website in search engine results
Which of the following are ways that social media marketing can support SEO? (Select all that apply.)|By indirectly generating backlinks$By driving traffic to your website$By increasing brand awareness
When considering a social media platform for your SEO strategy, which of the following factors should you not prioritize?|The latest trend in social media
You're choosing a platform for your social media strategy. A platform you're considering has a huge user base, but your target audience is not active there. What should you do?|Ignore the platform because your audience isn't there
Which of the following tactics would you consider as part of a successful social media strategy for SEO optimization? (Select all that apply.)|Engaging with followers and responding to comments$Consistent posting of high-quality content$Using relevant hashtags to increase visibility
